Excuse me, that's how you figure it out, right?
Mr. Lu, what a coincidence!
Are you here to relieve your boredom?
Introduce my new friend to Mr. Lu
Orange Entertainment
Isn't Mr. Xu not coming?
Earn it bro
Smoked people want to die, where do you start?
I know you.
Then I don't need to bother.
Mr. Xu won't invite me to the booth for a drink?
Haha, I can't ask for it.
Brother Lu, please withdraw first.
Go go haha
Do you mind? Of course not
It is my pleasure to have Mr. Lu here
Hey, I want it too, I want it too
Has Mr. Xu always talked about business like this?
This young master does not recommend
You can make it bigger.
50 million a billion
Xu Yanran, you open your mouth to the lion
100 million 50 million
hate
Mr. Lu, your hand